pong to do

current to do:
-----------------------

tune paddle hit - make the recovery "bounce" not linear?

-----------------------
-----------------------
working notes:
-----------------------





























would be nice
-----------------------
sound! effects on bounce (pitching up like peggle probably), music, button press sound effects


ai: currently i like how to beat the ai you have to think ahead, since it primitively sees where the ball will be. i do like the idea of different ai patterns/styles/presets that have their own flair. maybe 3 with scaling levels of difficulty?
	maybe one perfect (for solo bounce count high scores), one accessible (like it is now) for reasonable competitive challenge, and one human-like with a name? try to beat all the characters
		perfect, use the modulo screen size reflection bounding as explained in the paddle movement comment
	
	
make little tiled background for outside the arena, thinking little star-like twinkles or something
	do this with a perlin noise type background


instead of ball acceleration, whole game acceleration? paddles move faster, animate faster?


little particle trail when ball is hit?


bounce count doesn't look too much like a high score..
	maybe have a little particle/firework thing when you reach a new high score?
	maybe have the high score smaller and next to your current bounce count
the font scaling also looks ok, would be nice to find a nicer looking way to pulse font sizes


powerup things for fun: have them spawn in vertical line with the paddle, so if you have time you can go collect them. classic breakout upgrades like bigger paddle, multiball, speed
	multiball: probably make paddle much bigger and spawn a ton of balls (so you probably save more of them), and then stop balls from respawning after a bit (unless there's one ball)
		consider messing with the "disable collision for a bit after bounce to avoid double weird bounces" on the paddle


improve high speed collisions (currently they are fine, but iffy. they rely on stretching the ball, so wouldn't work for explicit pixel art)

(in ball process - before moving from position to position(delta), send out a raycast and see if there's any collision in the line between position and position(delta). if so, move and then ensure collision signal is sent) (test by removing ball tilt and yeeting balls into paddles at untenable speeds)
or just restructure to rigidbody/character controllers
or elsewise

raycast: length = velocity.x

ball: on process check if raycast in collider, if so collider=off for 0.2s, rebound
theoretically if the ball moves velocity, then a raycast of length velocity will always work?


raycast psuedo code:
instead of position += velocity
var potential_end_point = position + velocity
var abort = false
while position != potential_end_point && not abort:
	position += velocity.direction
	if check_collisions():
		abort = true

set_velocity(new_velocity):
	velocity = new_velocity
	abort = false
	
-----------------------