pong to do

decide on scope creep: add my own juice, sprites (background+better current ones), look at other pongs/block breakers for inspiration, some unique flavour like fireball wizards or lightning bolt mirrors or something else reflected/shot, others

taylor feedback:
after lots of play they started to really enjoy seeing how high they could go in bounces, so a high score counter would be awesome. show current bounces, max high score, maybe current speed or time too
was interested in a bit more variability to the bounce, since it's currently completely static. maybe add more pitch based on how far from center the ball was hit
	- can then add some power-ups or other enviornmental interactions
		- power-ups like larger paddle, multi-ball where only one ball is real, and more examples from brick breakers
when asked about aesthetics, wizards+fireball/lightning, and cats+yarn ball were both well received
wanted a pause menu, of course

to do:
solo mode: 45 degrees bounces, ui tracks highest bounce record. either mouse or keyboard controls
competitive mode: non-45 bounces, ui tracks score and highest bounce record
	-competitive, choose ai or local multiplayer

-other jazz:
	-settings menu -> maybe have presets? "basic 45", "basic angled rebound"
	-new sprites

the bounce count font looks a little ass - not sure why.. scale? just is bad at high size? seems blurry around the edges

maybe implement those collision raycasts to improve high speed collisions (in ball process - before moving from position to position(delta), send out a raycast and see if there's any collision in the line between position and position(delta). if so, move and then ensure collision signal is sent) (test by removing ball tilt and yeeting balls into paddles at untenable speeds)
or just restructure to rigidbody/character controllers

ui - maybe the score ui should be a hcontainer, one for each vcontainer with a texture and a label

start game -> screen with game options (vs ai, local multiplayer, vs self) (maybe with game being played in the background with 2 ai) (probably a different scene)
choose a button, removes the rest of the ui, shows a little popup on the side of the paddle with your available controls, begins
pause menu can take you back to main menu anytime


ai: try to get some sort of variation so the main menu looks for dynamic, some sort of reaction speed based movement - or maybe some +- error in its angle calculations? maybe do some smarter raycast stuff https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tjSuQzbarAQ?
currently i like how to beat the ai you have to think ahead, since it primitively sees where the ball will be. i do like the idea of different ai patterns/styles/presets that have their own flair. maybe 3 with scaling levels of difficulty?


make main menu not weird: change the first pan/zoom to a set angle as the game starts; add a texture to the walls so it makes sense when not screen fit; add some sort of transition/fade to the actual game so it's not so abrupt (probably fade asap on button press, and 3s countdown on main scene load)

decide how to implement game mode select - two different scenes or same scene and set paddle groups on open. two different scenes seems easier, and keeps the games a bit separate if i want to make any sort of changes local to either. have them be different also means making changes i want in both is more cumbersome (if the changes aren't to do with child scenes). same scene seems like more reasonable? the game mode simply changes a few settings, no need to maintain a whole different scene for it
